Programmer writers and technical writers are key to communicating technologies and features to broad audience including developers, customers and partners, representing our technical visions, concepts to code details.

Do you want to work on a meaningful and impactful project and make a difference? Are you willing to learn from others and open to new ideas? Do you want to support others to succeed and operate in a highly-collaborative and global environment? If this sounds like you, Microsoft would like to invite you to come join us as you are, where you can find more than just a job. Read on to learn more about opportunities and apply online!

Applications to these opportunities are considered for all available Programmer Writer and Technical Writer roles including the ones described below, depending on education level and/or location. To be considered as a student or recent graduate, you should be within 12 months of graduation or graduated within the last 12 months.

As a programmer writer you will harness your passion for teaching, writing, and coding to help enable the creation of amazing apps, innovative services, and creative experiences. You will understand Microsoft platforms and technologies inside out so you can teach developers around the world how to design and build compelling software and hardware solutions.

Technical writers have the rare balance of superior written communication skills and a keen understanding of technology¡¯s finer details. Technical writers play a crucial role in helping both internal and external audiences understand company goals, concepts and technologies.
Responsibilities
Programmer Writers will start by diving into code and collaborating with people across engineering, design, and marketing to understand the end-to-end story. Next you¡¯ll walk the proverbial miles in your customers¡¯ shoes to make sure you understand their real-world scenarios. Then you¡¯ll deliver code samples and technical guidance to assist them in solving complex problems and to help light up new experiences in their apps and hardware.

As a technical writer, you are responsible for the development, design, deployment, vision, and business strategy for our content. This includes content creation, acquisition, production, editorial, and other publishing activities across our many disciplines. Whether your content reaches its audience via the web, in print, new channels not yet determined, or as learning products, games, or customer support you are the voice of our company.
Qualifications
Programmer Writers:

    A bachelor¡¯s degree in engineering, computer science or related field (within 12 months of graduation or graduated within the last 12 months).
    One or two years of experience in C/C++/C#/Java or other computer programming languages preferred.
    Excellent writing skills.


Technical Writers:

    A bachelor¡¯s degree in English, communication or similar field ((within 12 months of graduation or graduated within the last 12 months).
    Proven technical writing skills.
    Knowledge of programming languages such as C, C++, and C#.

    Demonstrated passion for technology.
    Additional background in technical writing or programming is a plus.
    Understanding of programming concepts and programming languages is also a plus.


Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work